Feature/slider inputs (#443)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | HTML tag for the filter's title. | `h5` |
| `scrollToTop` | `enum` | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet. | `none` |
| `truncateFilters` | `boolean` | Whether a filter selector with more than 10 filter options should shorten the list and display a `See more` button (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |

> | `priceRangeLayout` | `"default"` or `inputAndSlider` | whether a text field should appear to enter the price range (`"inputAndSlider"`), or not (`"default"`). | `"default"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `priceRangeLayout` | `enum` | Whether a text field to enter the desired price range should be displayed  (`inputAndSlider`) or not (`default`). | `default` |
```

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better if this prop was boolean? `true` for enabling the text field and `false` for not displaying it.

Author: We are facing problems related to boolean props. It turns out they are not future-proof 😞 .
For example, if someone creates another priceRangeLayout in the future, it will require a new prop that would conflict with this one.

| `totalProductsOnMobile` | `enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator should display the total number of products on mobile devices  (`show`) or not (`hide`). | `hide` |
| `fullWidthOnMobile`      | `boolean` | Whether the `filter-navigator.v3` will be rendered on mobile using the screen full width (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                               | `false`       |
| `navigationTypeOnMobile` | `Enum`    | Defines how mobile users should navigate on the filter selector component. Possible values are: `page` (only one list of options can be seen at a time) or `collapsible` (all lists of options can be seen at the same time).                                    | `page`        |

> | `priceRangeLayout` | `enum` | Whether a text field to enter the desired price range should be displayed  (`inputAndSlider`) or not (`default`). | `default` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `priceRangeLayout` | `enum` | Whether a text field to enter the desired price range should be displayed  (`inputAndSlider`) or not (`slider`). | `slider` |
```
